AB#989 /secrets endpoint (#57)
edgelesssys/marblerun.sh: content/docs/reference/cli.md

```

## Command `secret`

Manages secrets for the Coordinator

**Flags**
These flags apply to all `secret` subcommands

{{<table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
| Name, shorthand | Default | Description                                                                                                                 |
| --------------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| --cert, -c      |         | PEM encoded Marblerun user certificate file (required)                                                                      |
| --era-config    |         | Path to remote attestation config file in json format, if none provided the newest configuration will be loaded from github |
| --insecure, -i  |         | Set to skip quote verification, needed when running in simulation mode                                                      |
| --key, -k       |         | PEM encoded Marblerun user key file (required)                                                                              |
{{</table>}}

* ### `get`

>   Retrieves one or more secrets from the coordinator. A User has to authenticate themselves using certificate and private key, and has to be permitted to read the requested secrets.
>   Secrets are returned in JSON format with key data in base64 encoding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Retrieves one or more secrets from the coordinator. Requires credentials in the form of a private key and a self-signed certificate of the corresponding public key. The corresponding user needs to have access to the requested secrets. Secrets are returned in JSON format with base64 encoding.
```

Reviewer: Can't we generate public key and certificate in the CLI?

Reviewer: Do we need a self-signed cert, or would a public key be sufficient?

Author: The certificate (and matching public key) is the one set in the manifest. We are using the same authentication method as used for manifest update.

Reviewer: I see.
We might want to think about just using a key pair instead of the self-signed certificate for the sake of usability.
But that's a different discussion.

  **Usage**

  ```bash
  marblerun secret get SECRETNAME ... <IP:PORT> [flags]
  ```

  **Flags**

  {{<table "table table-striped table-bordered">}}
  | Name, shorthand | Default | Description                |
  | --------------- | ------- | -------------------------- |
  | --output, -o    |         | File to save the secret to |
  {{</table>}}

  **Examples**

  ```bash
  marblerun secret get generic_secret symmetric_key_shared $MARBLERUN -c admin.crt -k admin.key
  ```

  The output is similar to the following:

  ```
  generic_secret:
  	Type:          plain
  	Data:          SGVsbG8gZnJvbSB0aGUgTWFyYmxlcnVuIERvY3MhCg==

  symmetric_key_shared:
  	Type:          symmetric-key
  	UserDefined:   false
  	Size:          128
  	Key:           uVGpoJZTRICLccJiVNt9jA==
  ```

* ### `set`

>   Sets one or more secrets for the coordinator. A User has to authenticate themselves using certificate and private key, and has to be permitted to write the specified secrets.
>   Secrets to set are specified in a special secrets file in json format. For more information see [Managing Secrets]({{< ref "docs/workflows/managing-secrets.md" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Sets one or more secrets for the coordinator. Requires credentials in the form of a private key and a self-signed certificate of the corresponding public key. The corresponding user needs to have access to the requested secrets.
  Secrets to set are specified in JSON format. For more information see [Managing Secrets]({{< ref "docs/workflows/managing-secrets.md" >}}).
```
